# MS-Thesis-Automated-Classification-of-Gaming-Bugs-
User reviews are considered one of the most important source of information about an app and game.The classification and analysis of reviews in order to extract information has proven to be a considerable difficulty. Game applications receive user input in the form of reviews, which can assist developers in selecting games with improved functionality and extracting relevant information such as user feedback, problems, and descriptions of user experiences linked with existing features. 
Game application review analysis has recently emerged as an important area of research in software engineering due to the sizable user base and possible advantages of automated feature and bug extraction. Numerous studies have recently been carried out to mine and classify user evaluations into useful software maintenance requests, including feature requests and problem reports for various software systems. However, existing literature have mostly focused on mining functional aspects and analysis of use for software systems. But for gaming industry existing literature is limited to manual analysis of mining functional aspects and analysis of use. 
In order to satisfy users and remain competitive in the gaming business, developers must fix these bug complaints. As a result, this study formulates the issue as a multi-label classification problem and suggests bug classification models utilizing RNN, LSTM, and CNN, all of which have varying degrees of accuracy. Representative features are used to train a model for bug classification. A careful selection of feature extraction methods is required since their use in training a classification model may provide results that are divergent. Recent research has put attention on the need of using simple, up-to-date taxonomies to categorize bugs. Therefore, keeping in view these taxonomies this research employs these taxonomies to provide a tools which takes a user reviews dataset and then identify bugs from them and after identification, it will classify the bug into their related bug categories using classification model. This research taking GAME STEAM ENGINE as a case study to scrap gaming reviews and train model on that reviews for bugs classification.
